Congratulations! You have just downloaded the Melville mudlib for the
DGD driver. This document assumes you have succesfully compiled the
driver already and have just untarred the mudlib. It gives instructions
for bringing the mudlib on-line and setting yourself up as the admin
(or admins) of the mud.
You should follow the steps given in this document in order, and you
should not do anything else until you have reached the end of these
steps. If you do that, you should get the mudlib set up properly and
be ready to begin using it.

1) This mudlib untarred into a single directory, called melville, which
contains 10 subdirectories, the mudlib config file Melvmud, an
introductory file Introduction, your license for using this software, and
this README file. You should read the license since it explains what
you may and may not do with this software. You do not need to move
this directory, but you may want to put it on the same level as the
driver source directory, or the driver executable, or anywhere else
you want to put it. You will definitely want to put the melvmud config
file into the same directory as the driver executable, to simplify
starting the mud.

2) Edit the melvmud file to change any of the options you would like
changed. The only one you must change is the mudlib directory path
option, to match the location of the mudlib directory in your file
system. You must specify the absolute path. You may also wish to
change the maximum number of users (default 2), the maximum size of
an array (default 1000), the listening port (Melville uses 1863) or
other options.

3) Edit the file melville/include/admin.h to add yourself to the list
of admins. You may want to delete the mobydick character from this list,
and you might want to delete the mobydick character altogether.

4) Start up the driver executable specifying the melvmud file as the
configuration file. You may want to place this job in background, or
you may want to use the rundgd script that comes with the driver. You
may also want to redirect the standard error to a file visible from
within the mudlib. The command I use to start the driver is

dgd.exe Melvmud >& ../melville/log/driver &

or

dgd.exe Melvmud Dumpfile >& ../melville/log/driver &

if I start from a dump.

The file /include/version.h in the mudlib gives the driver version that
was current when this version of the mudlib was released. This release
should work unaltered on that version of DGD. Earlier or later versions
of DGD may not be compatible and may require some alterations to the
mudlib.

5) Telnet into the mud and create your admin character. You will
automatically be given wizard status. If you added yourself to the
admin list in step 3, you will also be given admin status.

6) Either from within the mud or from outside it, read the file
/doc/Melville. This describes the mudlib briefly and gives you
a guide where to look for more information.

7) Read the other files in /doc. There are three which describe parts of
the operation of the mudlib in more detail: /doc/security, /doc/directories,
and /doc/cmd_parsing. You should read these closely. The other important
documents are found in /doc/functions and describe the functions defined
by the important objects of the mudlib. You may also want to simlink your
kfun documents to this directory so they can be accessed within the mudlib.

8) When you think you have things under control, add the rest of your
admin characters to the admins.h define, and allow your other admins
and wizards to create their characters. Then alter /include/options.h
to turn off the autowiz option.

Enjoy the lib!
