This document lists the player commands available and briefly describes
each one. Documentation on the command handling system is in the file
/doc/cmd_handling. Documentation on wizard commands is in /doc/wiz_cmds.

Available commands are:
brief, bug, date, describe, drop, finger, get, go, gossip, help,
history, inventory, look, mail, quit, say, show, tell, tune, who

The brief command toggles the players brief/verbose status. In brief
mode, a player sees the short description of a room when he enters it:
in verbose mode, he sees the long description.

The bug command allows the player to report a bug in the mudlib to the
BUGS log.

The date command shows the current time and date in the host computer's
time zone.

The describe command lets a player enter a short description of himself
which will be shown any time someone looks at him.

The drop commands moves an object from the player's inventory to the
inventory of his environment.

The finger command shows information about the name, email address,
and last login time of another user.

The get command moves an object from the environment of the player into
the player's inventory.

The give command moves an object from one player to another.

The go command lets a player move through an exit of the current room.
The cardinal directions are aliased: "n" for "go north", "se" for
"go southeast", and so forth.

The gossip command sends a message to the gossip channel.

The help command lets the player cat a named file in /doc/help.

The history command shows the player's most recent commands, which
can be re-issued with !23, !foo, and !!, and modified and re-issued
with ^foo^bar constructs.

The inventory command shows a list of all objects in the player's
inventory. It is aliased to "i".

The look command allows a player to look at another object. With no
argument it allows the player to look a his current environment.

The mail command lets a player enter the mailer to send and read mail.

The quit command lets the player quit the game, ending his connection.

The say command lets a player send a message to all the other players in
the same room as himself.

The show command shows who is tuned into a named channel.

The tell command lets a player send a message to a single user in the
mud regardless of location.

The tune command lets a player tune a channel in or out.

The who command shows a list of all players currently logged into the
mud and their idle times.
