This document lists the wizard and admin commands available and briefly
describes each one. Documentation on the command handling system is in the 
file /doc/cmd_handling. Documentation on the player commands is in
/doc/player_cmds. In general, any file handling command will prepend
the wizard's current working directory to any argument unless that
argument is a full path (ie, begins with "/" or "~").

cd, clone, cp, dest, disconnect, ed, emote, filenames, force, goto,
ls, makewiz, mkdir, more, mv, nuke, people, priv, pwd, recreate, rm,
rmdir, shutdown, status, tail, task, update, users, wiz

The cd command allows the wizard to change his current working directory.

The clone command allows a wizard to make a clone of a file whose name
is passed as argument. The maser copy of the object will be loaded if
it is not already. The clone will be moved to the wizard if possible
and to his environment if not.

The cp command copies a file from one place to another. The original
copy is not affected.

The dest command destructs a named object in the inventory or environment
of the wizard.

The disconnect command disconnects the named user. Admins only.

The ed command allows the wizard to enter the editor, supplying the name
of the file he wishes to edit.

The emote command lets a wizard print any string he likes, with the
string "-> " and his name prepended. Lets the wizard express himself
more freely than the soul commands permit.

The filenames command shows the object names (file and clone number) of
all objects in the wizard's environment.

The force command allows an admin (only) to cause a named player
to execute a specified command.

The goto command allows a wizard to move to a room whose filename is
given as argument.

The ls command shows the contents of a named directory. If no name is
given, the current working directory is listed.

The makewiz command makes a player character into a wizard. Only admins
can use this command.

The mkdir command creates a new directory.

The more command shows the text of a named file, one page at a time.

The mv command moves a file to a new location. The original file is erased.

The nuke command erases the player and user files and the mail spool of
the named user. Wizards may be nuked but admins may not. Only admins may
use this command.

The people command shows a list of all logged in users, their privileges,
idle times, current location, and ip address.

The priv command shows the privileges and creator strings of a named
object, which may be named by file name or by id if present in the
wizard's environment or inventory.

The pwd command prints the wizard's current working directory.

The recreate command destructs the named object and reloads it.
This differs from update in that the object's create() function
will be called the next time it is accessed, which will not
happen if the object is merely updated. This may matter if, for
instance, the object needs to reload its data after being updated
(for instance, if you have added an emote to the soul daemon).

The rm command removes the named file. There is no way to undo this. It
does not remove directories; the rmdir command does that.

The rmdir command removes the named directory, which must be empty.

The shutdown command forces all users to quit and kills the DGD process.
Only admins may use this command.

The status command shows various information about a named object, if
an argument is given, or about the mud process if no argument is given.

The tail command shows the last 20 lines of the named file.

The task command allows a wizard to add an entry to the TASKS log of
things that need to be done around the mud.

The update command allows a wizard to load or reload an object into the
game. Note that 1) when an existing object is recompiled, it is not
destructed, and therefore, create() is not called in it; 2) updating
an object which is inherited by another object can have unpredictable
consequences. If you wish create() to be called in the object,
then use the recreate command instead.

The users command shows a list of all logged in users and the object
names of their associated bodies, if any. Only admins may use this command.

The wiz command sends a message to the wizard channel.
